ROS2 version (#3)
Brazilian-Institute-of-Robotics/mpu6050_driver: README.md

## License
The source code is released under a [MIT license](LICENSE).

**Authors:** Mateus Meneses, Mohamed Abdelkader (mohamedashraf123@gmail.com)  
**Maintainer:** Mateus Meneses, mateusmenezes95@gmail.com

> The barnch `ros2_humble` has been tested under [ROS] `humble` and [Raspberry Pi Bookworm] .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The branch `ros2_humble` has been tested under [ROS] `Humble Hawksbill` and [Raspberry Pi Bookworm] .
```

This is research code, expect that it changes often and any fitness for a
particular purpose is disclaimed.

# Installation

## Dependencies

- [Robot Operating System (ROS)](http://wiki.ros.org) (Middleware for robotics)

## Building

Now, clone the latest version from this repository into your ROS workspace

```sh
$ cd <YOUR_WS>/src

> $ git clone -b ros2_humble https://github.com/mateusmenezes95/mpu6050_driver.git

Reviewer: As this PR target the master branch, I suggest remove the branch option from this command
